applications: nrf_desktop: Config channel doc update (#2882)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/dev_descr.rst

Device description module
#########################

The device description module defines custom GATT Service, which contains:

> * information if the peripheral supports the Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM),
> * hardware ID (HW ID) of the peripheral.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Information about whether the peripheral supports the Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM)
* Hardware ID (HW ID) of the peripheral
```
